https://codepen.io/soggy/pen/OJVzYdb?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
      Gives the text the tag is wrapped around more meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
      Hypertext Markup Language is used to instruct web browsers how to format and display content of web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
      Attributes provide additional information about an element. It is used in image tags and anchor tags.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      An h1 tag is mainly used for the title of the page. Has the most meaning it should only be used once on the page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      Anchor and Image tags require attribuites.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
      Metadata is put into the head of HTML documents. title, style, link

    7. What is an id? 
      main use of an id is for adding style and behavioral properties for an element. should only be used once for a specific element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any element used in the body, heading, button, anchor, image

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
      only once

    10. What is a class? 
        Class is an attribuite used by css and javascript to perform certain tasks.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Elements used in the body can have a class, heading, anchor, div

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Have to add an attribuite  target="_blank" 

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        The alt attribute is required on images, if the image cannot be displayed it provides alternative information about the image.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        With the # symbol.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        section tags defines sections on a page, headers, footers.  Div are more general non specfic areas.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Used to style web pages, design, layout

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        You can use the tag of the element to select all of the element, classes and id can select more specific elements.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Class is used to select multiple elements, div, headings. Id is only used to target one element.  an image or one heading.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        Select classes with .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        CSS will look for a parent with that child.  div > span

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state, hover.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase,
        text-transform: lowercase,
        text-transform: capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {border: 1px dotted black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        put comment in between /** comment **/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm will delete the file permanetly without confirmation

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Allows users to keep track of the changes in projects and enable them to collaborate.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Couple of times per hour or whenever you add a feature worth committing.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        A block element will start a new line and take up the fulll with available. An inline element will not start a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It is removed from the normal document flow, automatically positioned top-left corner of its parent element.  If no parent element then the html document will be the parent element.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
      use padding

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
      div, section, ul are display block by default
      anchor and image display inline by default
      button is an inline-block


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
      It is an imaginary box the goes around every HTML element. It consists of margins, borders, padding, and the content of the page.

